Create rule S4507: Add "Delivering code in production with debug features activated is security-sensitive" to Go (#2858)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S4507/go/rule.adoc

[source,go,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
----
import "go.uber.org/zap"

level := zap.WarnLevel

config := zap.NewProductionConfig()
config.DisableStacktrace = level != zap.DebugLevel
config.Level.SetLevel(level)
logger := zap.Must(config.Build())
zap.ReplaceGlobals(logger)

...

_, err := funcThatFails()
if err != nil {
    zap.L().Sugar().Errorf("Error calling funcThatFails: %v\n", err) // Compliant
    return
}
----

For https://pkg.go.dev/runtime/pprof[pprof package in Go Standard Library:]

Loggers should be used (such as https://pkg.go.dev/go.uber.org/zap[zap]) to print logs in a parsable way, with a proper level, and without stack trace when used in production:

[source,go,diff-id=2,diff-type=compliant]
----
import "go.uber.org/zap"

level := zap.WarnLevel

config := zap.NewProductionConfig()
config.DisableStacktrace = level != zap.DebugLevel
config.Level.SetLevel(level)
logger := zap.Must(config.Build())
zap.ReplaceGlobals(logger)

...

// Create a writer for the logger, log only for Debug level
writer := &zapio.Writer{Log: zap.L(), Level: zap.DebugLevel}
defer writer.Close()

> pprof.Lookup("goroutine").WriteTo(writer, 1) // Compliant

Reviewer: The implementation ticket notes that all uses of the `WriteTo()` function should raise an issue. Either the implementation or this example needs to be adjusted.

----

For https://pkg.go.dev/net/http/pprof[http/pprof package in Go Standard Library:]

Do not import ``++net/http/pprof++`` or ensure the HTTP handlers can't be accessed by end-users.

[source,go,diff-id=3,diff-type=compliant]
----
import (
    "net/http"
)
----

For https://pkg.go.dev/net/http/httputil[httputil package in Go Standard Library:]

Loggers should be used (such as https://pkg.go.dev/go.uber.org/zap[zap]) to print logs in a parsable way and with a proper level:

[source,go,diff-id=4,diff-type=compliant]
----
import (
    "net/http/httputil"

    "go.uber.org/zap"
)

level := zap.WarnLevel

config := zap.NewProductionConfig()
config.DisableStacktrace = level != zap.DebugLevel
config.Level.SetLevel(level)
logger := zap.Must(config.Build())
zap.ReplaceGlobals(logger)

dump, err := httputil.DumpRequest(req, true)
if err == nil {
    zap.L().Sugar().Debugf("%q", dump) // Compliant

> }

Reviewer: The text above the noncompliant example states:
> ``++httputil.DumpRequest()++`` generates a dump of an HTTP request and can expose sensitive information:

It's unclear here how the use of a debug log prevents the exposure of sensitive information. It also doesn't match the detection logic in the implementation ticket.

----

For https://pkg.go.dev/gorm.io/gorm[GORM Library:]

> Loggers should be used (such as https://pkg.go.dev/go.uber.org/zap[zap]) to print logs in a parsable way and with a proper level:

Reviewer: The solution here appears to be purely based on ensuring that the log level is correct.

```suggestion
Loggers should be configured so that debug-level information is not logged:
```

[source,go,diff-id=4,diff-type=compliant]
----
func requestHandler(w http.ResponseWriter, req *http.Request) {
     // Compliant: Does not call httputil.DumpRequest
}
----

For https://pkg.go.dev/gorm.io/gorm[GORM Library:]

> Loggers should be configured so that debug-level information is not logged (debug-level is called `Info` in the case of GORM). The `DB.Debug` method should not be used as it creates a new `Session` with a logging level set to `Info`.

Reviewer: I feel that this can be rewritten to avoid the parentheses, remove the technical detail, and use the active voice.

```suggestion
Configure loggers to not log debug-level information. GORM writes debug-level information when configured with the `Info` logging mode. Avoid using the `DB.Debug()` method as it creates a new `Session` that always logs debug-level information.
```
